Skip SSR build for fully static Cloudflare sites (#16468)
withastro/astro: .changeset/cloudflare-static-buildoutput.md

---
'@astrojs/cloudflare': patch
---

> Adds `preserveBuildServerDir` to the Cloudflare adapter's features, ensuring `dist/server/` and `dist/client/` directory structure is maintained for all build types. This fixes issues where static Cloudflare builds with server islands or image endpoints would fail at preview time due to mismatched output directories.

Reviewer: This first part sounds like an implementation detail and users don't need to know that, right? So, I think we can shorten this one:

```suggestion
Fixes static Cloudflare builds with server islands or image endpoints that failed at preview time due to mismatched output directories.
```
